So that was our first feature module, the recipes module.
Now I want you to practice this a bit, take the shopping list here and create a feature module for that
as well.
You learned everything you need for that,
so definitely try on your own,
here's your chance to pause the video, after the pause,
we'll do it together.
Were you successful?
Let's do it together
and for that in the shopping list folder, I'll create a shopping-list.module.ts file.
Now in there, let's export this class, shopping list module
and as before,
let's add NgModule as a decorator there.
Now NgModule needs to be imported from @angular/core, like this
and in NgModule, you now again have to declare what you're using in there and you have to export
what you're using elsewhere.
Now let's have a look at our app module,
what are we using that is related to the shopping list?
Well obviously, the shopping list and shopping edit components are used in the shopping list area. Therefore,
let's grab these two components and remove them from the app module,
let's also remove their imports here and let's instead move them here into our shopping list module.
There, let's add declarations and add these to shopping list components.
Now just as before,
make sure you also add the imports, here
my IDE is unfortunately not helping me, so I'll do it manually. Import to the shopping list component
and also of course, an import to the shopping edit component here, like this. With that added, we could
export this and import the shopping list module into the app module.
Of course we would
also have to make sure we add all things the shopping list components need into the shopping list
module
but I don't even want to export my shopping list related things in the shopping list component,
I want to manage routing there as well.
Now if we have a look at the app routing module,
we've got one route related to the shopping list and that is this shopping list route.
Let's remove it from the app routing module and also get rid of that shopping list component import
there
and now we could create a shopping list routing module but since this is already a very small and tiny
module, I will do it all in one file, though this is totally up to you and you could create a separate
routing module if you wanted to. There,
I will import the routing or I will add the router module from
@angular/router and there, I'll add forChild, pass my routes array to it and in there, set up this single
route that is related to the shopping list right now. We don't need to export router module here because
we only did this when we had a separate routing module, since it's now all included in the feature module
we already got that in the place where it should be. The router module is not the only module we need
though, we also need the common module that should be imported from @angular/common. This unlocks
ngFor and ngIf
when we are using these features here and we also have to add the forms module because we are using
the template driven forms approach in the shopping list area.
So we need to import this as well
and then,
well of course the router module.
Now this should be a module that works,
let's now go to the app module and add the shopping list module to it
and of course, adding it in the imports array is not enough,
you also need to add an import to it up here from ./shopping-list shopping-list.module
from that file.
If you save everything, let's wait for the app to reload and if I try to visit shopping list and I reload
there, this all seems to work. So we now have a new feature module,
this time for the shopping list area.